{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat2\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
# Digital Reference Managing System\
\
The Digital Reference(DR) is a Semantic Web-based ontology that represents entities and their relationships in the domain semiconductor manufacturing. It is expected to serve as a data structure that supports the collaboration among multiple parties. This project proposes a solution to manage the DR securely and trustworhily. \
The DR managing system is implemented based on a private Blcokchain network provided by Hyperledger Fabric. The api is realised using Node.js, while for the front end React.js is applied.\
\
## Summary\
\
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)\
  - [Runing the tests](#running-the-tests)\
  - [Deployment](#deployment)\
  - [Built With](#built-with)\
  - [Contributing](#contributing)\
  - [Versioning](#versioning)\
  - [Authors](#authors)\
  - [License](#license)\
  - [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)\
\
## Getting Started\
\
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on\
your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment\
for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.\
\
### Prerequisites\
\
Since this project is based on the Hyperledger Fabric, you can check prerequisites here: https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.4/prereqs.html\
\
## Deployment\
### To start the Blockchain network\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 - 
\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 Run the Docker Desktop\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 - Get into the folder test-network:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\'91cd DR-System-Final/Backend\cf3 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
/test-network/\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'91\
-\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Start the network with the Certificate Authority to to manage identities and certificates\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\'91\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
./network.sh up \'96ca\'92:\
- This command is to create a channel for transactions between organizations in the network. Channels are only visible for members who are invited into it, and invisible for other members of the system.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\'91\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
./network.sh createChannel\'92\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 - \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This command is to deploy the chain code called \'93basic\'94 on all members on this channel:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\'91\cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
./network.sh deployCC -ccn basic -ccp ../asset-transfer-basic/chaincode-javascript -ccl javascript\cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'92\
- \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When the chain code is updated, it could be deployed again after getting members approvement (for the next time, numbers of the ccv and ccs should increase ).\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\'91\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
./network.sh deployCC \'97can basic -ccp /asset-transfer-basic/chaincode-javascript -ccl javascript \'96ccv 1.1 \'96ccs 2 \'91\
\
### To start the front end\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 - \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Go into the folder Frontend/:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 	\'91cd \cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 DR-System-Final/Frontend\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'92\
- Run the front end\
	\'92npm run start\'92\
- Invoke the initiating function via opening the page: \
\
### To start the API\
- Go into the following folder:\
	\'91cd ..\cf3 \cb1 /application-javascript/\cf3 \cb4 \'92\
- Start the API\cb1 \
\cb4 	\'91node app.js\'92\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
## Features\
  - Page Login: This page provides mock login function. To interact within project, please first type in a member id, such as member1, member2, member3, and so on (Only ID is enough, PWD is not necessary).\
  - Page Dashboard: here, members can see how many tokens he has, total members in the system, URI and Hash value of the last DR, as well as a window for members to upload the DR. Note, only the author of the current ongoing proposal has access to upload DR file, others will be rejected.\
  - Page Create New Proposal: Every members can create new proposals on this page\
  - Page CreateVeto Proposal: A member can create a veto proposal, only when his role is lobe owner and the related original proposal has been closed within 30 days.\
  - Page Vote for a Proposal: Members can vote for the ongoing proposal in the system. If the voter\'92s role is lobe owner, his vote will directly decide the proposal\'92s result. Otherwise, the votes will be collected until there are more than 50% members have participated.\
  - For a test purpose, all the data in the system is visible under the link: http:localhost//3001/allData\
\
## Comments\
  - The web pages are set to avoid automatic refresh after operations taken. So sometimes you need to manually refresh them and see the updated data. Also, for the page Login, there is no response after you submit a member ID. If you refresh the web page, the member ID will be lost, you need to type again.\
  - Every a certain amount of time, the one owns the highest tokens in each domain will be a (new) lobe owner. However, this functionality is not accomplished yet. TO avoid error, this feature is kept but the time to trigger this feature is set to be quite long. \
## Author\
\
  - **Lanyingzhu Luo** - \
\
}